Hello.
Ozum haqqımda

First of all, I would like to thank the Tenterapp team for the interview invitation.
My name is Suleyman Piriyev. I am 18 years old. I am studying in the 3rd year of the Information Security major of the Azerbaijan State Oil and Industry University. 
I live in Baku. As for my achievements, I have received CISCO Networking Academy's Get Connected, Introduction to Cyber ​​Security, and Nantech's Full Stack Web Development certificate. 
When I studied Information Security myself, my interest in the Web happened when I was in the 1st year. 
So, I have studied this field in depth and found that this field is more suitable for me. Thats it.

Bu sirkəti nece tapmaq

I researched this company through instagram and website and applied here after seeing that a new team of programmers was being trained.

İs təcrubəsi 

I officially have no work experience. But I have many web related projects.

Burada islemek size ne ved edecek

I think that by working here, I will gain great experience and develop my knowledge. I know from the opinions in the 
society and social networks that young people are highly valued here and they are given a great opportunity to realize themselves in the professional field.

Maas

Although I have basic experience and I am not experienced, 300-500 AZN will be enough.

Komanda Isi

Yes. In general, working with a team develops both communication and business communication. And teamwork is important to learn from others.

Guclu ve zeif terefler

One of my strengths is following through on a task and getting it done at any cost. In addition, I can show you that I am strong-willed.

Bu isde ugurlu olacaginizin sebebi

I can say that I will be successful in this business because I constantly work on myself and have great confidence in myself.

Karyera hedefleri

Among my career goals, the biggest goal is to gain experience in this field and start my own business. I think the current vacancy is the solution for me.

Munaqise

I try to be very patient and calm when faced with conflict.